Come and eat more
I heard from the courtyard
Are you the biological mother of the subtotal?
He even gave birth to a daughter
Having both children is a good thing
After this while
By the end of the year
I asked him to make up your wedding
No, the courtyard is so busy with work every day
I don't want to bother him either
And I'm not the form-oriented type.
How can that work?
Wouldn't it be wronged if you didn't hold a wedding?
courtyard
You're married now, too?
Can you call your brother and his family back?
Mom, don't say that again
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
It's okay, I'll deal with it.
I'll go with you.
I advise you to divorce the courtyard as soon as possible
He doesn't love you at all
What does the second sister-in-law mean by this?
It turned out that you were the one who climbed into the courtyard bed back then?
You are more sophisticated than you want.
He hasn't entered the Lu family's door for five years
Second sister-in-law
If that's what you came to me today to say
Then I will not accompany you
Don't you want to know
What made you climb into the courtyard bed back then?
It's because my eldest brother wants to be with the court
The court grabs the position of the heir
His stupid son wants to drug
So that I, the widow of a recently deceased husband
Delivered to the bed in the courtyard
Take a picture of our bed and hype it up
And you know why he did it?
Because I am Tingyue's first love
If it weren't for Tingyue going abroad that year
I married him.
Second brother, do you think
Why can you enter the Lu family's door?
So you stay in the Lu family as a widow
Not for Lu Tingyue's nursery rhymes
But to win Lu Tingyue's heart
The heart of the courtyard has always been on me
Since it is as you said
You shouldn't tell me about the divorce
You should tell Lu Tingyue
If he agrees
Then of course I will sign
how
You dare not say
Don't be shameless.